Remove unnecessary value list in null-related filters (#909)
kensho-technologies/graphql-compiler: README.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  Must be applied on a property field.

> -  :code:`value` must not appear in the filter (shown here) or be an empty list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :code:`value` must either not appear in the filter (shown in the example) or be an empty list.
```
Similar change to the entry below.

Reviewer 2: Should we remove `value` from the examples as well? Seems superfluous.

Reviewer: It seems like it is removed — see changes above an below in the `Example use` sections. Are there other examples you were thinking of?
